README.md, before:

# VMware Secure State CLI

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/CloudCoreo/cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/CloudCoreo/cli)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/CloudCoreo/cli)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/CloudCoreo/cli)

CLI is a tool for managing Vmware Secure State resources. 

Use CLI to...

- Add/remove teams, cloud accounts and API tokens
- Get violation results
- Event stream setup and removal

## Install

**DISCLAIMER: These are PRE-RELEASE binaries -- use at your own peril for now**

### OSX

Download `vss` from [https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_darwin_amd64](https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_darwin_amd64)

```sh
 mkdir vss && cd vss
 wget -q -O vss https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_darwin_amd64
 chmod +x vss
 export PATH=$PATH:${PWD}   # Add current dir where vss has been downloaded to
 vss
```

### Linux

Download `vss` from [https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_linux_amd64](https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_linux_amd64)

```sh
 mkdir vss && cd vss
 wget -q -O vss https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_linux_amd64
 chmod +x vss
 export PATH=$PATH:${PWD}   # Add current dir where vss has been downloaded to
 vss
```

### Windows

Download `vss.exe` from [https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_windows_amd64.exe](https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_windows_amd64.exe)

```
C:\Users\Username\Downloads> rename vss_windows_amd64.exe vss.exe
C:\Users\Username\Downloads> vss.exe
```

### Building from source

Build instructions are as follows (see [install golang](https://docs.minio.io/docs/how-to-install-golang) for setting up a working golang environment):

```sh
 mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/CloudCoreo
 cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/CloudCoreo
 git clone https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli.git
 go get -d github.com/CloudCoreo/cli
 cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/cmd
 go build -o $GOPATH/bin/vss
 vss
```
## Getting started
Get your access keys on [VMware CSP User Portal](https://console.cloud.vmware.com/csp/gateway/portal/#/user/tokens).

You use API tokens to authenticate yourself when you make authorized API connections. An API token authorizes access per organization.

You can generate more than one API token. A token is valid for six months, after which time you must regenerate it if you want to continue using APIs that rely on a token. If you feel the token has been compromised, you can revoke the token to prevent unauthorized access. You generate a new token to renew authorization.

Procedure
1. On the VMware Cloud Services toolbar, click your user name and select My Account > API Tokens.
2. Click New Token.
3. Click Copy to Clipboard.
4. Paste the token in a safe place so you can retrieve it to use later on.


You may need to configure your access key and default team id the first time using CLI but you can also skip this step and pass these to CLI using flags `--api-key, --team-id`. You may set up configuration using:
	`vss  configure`
	
And then type your access key information and default team id as well. You may check you current configuration settings using
	`vss configure list`

## Usage
```sh
vss <command> [--help] [--verbose] [--json] [<args>]
```

The most commonly used VSS commands are:


|Command         |Usage      | Sub-commands|
| --------   | :-------------:| :-------------:|
|cloud     | Manage your cloud accounts                    | add, delete, list, scan, show, update, test|
|configure | Configure CLI options. You may also view your current configuration using 'list' subcommand| list|
|team      | Manage your team                              | add, list, show|
|result    | Get violation results (Deprecated, please follow the link to swagger API doc 'https://api.securestate.vmware.com')  | rule, object|
|token     | Manage your api tokens                        | delete, list, show|
|completion| Generate bash autocompletions script|
|event     | Manage event stream                           | setup|
|help      | Help about any command|
|version   | Print the version number of VMware Secure State CLI|
-------------      
 
## Configurable variables
|Variable | Option | Environment Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ | :--------:| :-------- |
|api-key | --api-key| |VSS API Token, will read api-key in configure file by default| 
|endpoint| --endpoint |$VSS_API_ENDPOINT| VSS API endpoint, default https://app.securestate.vmware.com/api |
|help    | --help, -h| | Get user manual for command
|home    | --home | $VSS_HOME | Location of your VSS config. Overrides $VSS_HOME.
|json    |--json | | Output in json format
|profile | --profile | $VSS_PROFILE | VSS profile to use. Overrides $VSS_PROFILE, default "default" |
|team-id | --team-id | | VMware Secure State team id, will read team-id in configure file by default|
|verbose | --verbose | | Enable verbose output

The values passing by flags will override environment variables.  
Flags for specific commands are listed in Docs section.

## Example
You may use CLI to do scriptable onboarding with two commands:
```sh
 vss cloud add --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --role NAME_FOR_NEW_ROLE [--aws-profile PROFILE_NAME] [–aws-profile-path PROFILE_PATH] [--policy-arn YOUR_POLICY_ARN] [--team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID] 
 vss event setup --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [--aws-profile PROFILE_NAME] [--aws-profile-path PROFILE_PATH] [--team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID]  
```
If the team-id flag is omitted, CLI will use the default team id in configuration. If default team id is not set, an error will be returned.
## Docs

Get started with [VSS commands](docs/vss/vss.md), setup for [VSS bash completion](docs/bash-completion.md)

#### cloud
Manage Cloud Accounts
* add
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud add --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --role NAME_FOR_NEW_ROLE [flags]`  
        * `vss cloud add --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --arn YOUR_ROLE_ARN --external-id EXTERNAL_ID_OF_YOUR_ROLE [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | arn | --arn |  The arn of the role to connect |
        | name | --name| The name of the new cloud account you want to add, this flag is required |
        | role | --role | The name of the role you want to create
        | policy arn| --policy-arn | The arn of the policy you'd like to attach for role creation, SecurityAudit policy arn by default|
        | external id| --external-id | The external id used to assume provided role|
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        | aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
        | draft| --draft| Will add a draft account with this flag|
        | Environment| --env| Environment label for the cloud account to add, must be one of these: Production, Staging, Development, Test"|
        | email|--email|The email address of account owner|
        | username|--username| The username of account owner|
        | provider|--provider| Cloud provider type, either AWS or Azure, AWS by default|
        | application id |--application-id| Application ID is required for adding Azure cloud accounts|
        | key |--key-value| Key is required for adding Azure cloud accounts
        | subscription id |--subscription-id| Subscription ID is required for adding Azure cloud accounts |
        | directory id |--directory-id| Directory ID is required for adding Azure Cloud Accounts |
        |aws role arn| --aws-role-arn| The arn of the role you'd like to assume|
        |aws external id|--aws-external-id |The external id of the role you'd like to assume|
        | cloud account tags| --tags| Cloud account tags|
        
    * You need to either use your own role or let CLI create one for you. 
        * To use your own role, you need to pass the role arn and external id to CLI. 
        * To make CLI create one for you, you need to pass the role name to CLI
    * Examples:
        * `vss cloud add --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --provider AWS --role NAME_FOR_NEW_ROLE --aws-profile AWS_PROFILE --tags "key1:value1|key2:value2"`
        * `vss cloud add --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --provider Azure --application-id AZURE_APPLICATION_ID --key-value KEY_VALUE --subscription-id SUBSCRIPTION_ID --directory-id DIRECTORY_ID`
        
* delete
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud delete --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags  
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to delete, this flag is required|
* list
    * Usage
        *  `vss cloud list [flags]`
* scan
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud scan [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        |aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
* show
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud show --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to show information for, this flag is required|
* update
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud update --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags 
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | arn | --arn |  The arn of the role to connect |
        | name | --name| The name of the new cloud account you want to add, this flag is required |
        | role | --role | The name of the role you want to create
        | policy arn| --policy-arn | The arn of the policy you'd like to attach for role creation, SecurityAudit policy arn by default|
        | external id| --external-id | The external id used to assume provided role|
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        |aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
        |draft| --draft| Will update the account with draft status|
        |Environment| --env| Environment label for the cloud account to add, must be one of these: Production, Staging, Development, Test"|
        |email|--email|The email address of account owner|
        |username|--username| The username of account owner|
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to update information for, this flag is required|
        | cloud account tags| --tags| Cloud account tags|
    * For role update, you may either provide your own role or let CLI create one
    * You may need to use --draft flag if you still want to keep it as draft status, otherwise VSS CLI will switch it to non-draft status
        
* test
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud test --cloud-id`
        * Flags
        
            |Variable | Option | Description |
            | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
            | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to test role validation for, this flag is required|
            
#### configure
Configure CLI options
* Usage
    * `vss configure [flags]` &nbsp; :configure CLI options
    * `vss configure list` &nbsp; : list current configuration
* Examples
    * `vss configure`
    * `vss configure --api-key VSS_API_TOKEN --team-id VSS_TEAM_ID`
    * `vss configure list`
    
#### team
Manage Teams
* add
    * Usage
        * `vss team add -n YOUR_NEW_TEAM_NAME -d YOUR_TEAM_DESCRIPTION [flags]`
    * Flags
        
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        |name| -n, --name | Provide team name |
        |description| -d, --description | Provide team description|
    * Flag name and description are required for team add command
* list  
    Get all the teams under user's account
    * Usage
        * `vss team list [flags]`
* show  
    Show info of one team
    * Usage 
        * `vss team show [flags]`        

#### result
Show violation results (Deprecated, please follow the link to swagger API doc 'https://api.securestate.vmware.com'
* object
    * Usage
        * `vss result object [flags]`
    * Flags
        
         |Variable | Option | Description |
         | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
         | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to show violation for, this flag is optional|
         | severity | --severity | The severity level you'd like to show in violation results |
         | retry | --retry | Retry times when getting violation fails |
    * By default you will get all violation objects under your team, three flag filters are provided: team-id, cloud-id and severity. If team-id is not specified, the team in your profile will be automatically used.
    * Examples
         * `vss result object --severity "High|Medium"`    
         * `vss result object --severity "High|Low"`  
         * `vss result object --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID --severity "Low"`
* rule
    * Usage
        * `vss result rule [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | cloud account| --cloud-account-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to show violation for, this flag is optional|
        | severity | --severity | The severity level you'd like to show in violation results |
    * By default you will get all violation rules under your team, three flag filters are provided: team-id, cloud-id and severity. If team-id is not specified, the team in your profile will be automatically used.
    * Examples
        * `vss result rule --severity "High|Medium"`
        * `vss result rule --severity "High|Low"`
        * `vss result rule --cloud-account-id YOUR_SECURITY_STATE_CLOUD_ACCOUNT_ID --severity "Low"`
        
#### token
Manage API Tokens
* delete
    * Usage
        * `vss token delete --token-id YOUR_TOKEN_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | :------: | :------: | :--------: |
        | token id| --token-id| Secure State token id, this flag is required|
                
* list
    * Usage 
        * `vss token list [flags]`
        
* show
    * Usage
        * `vss token show --token-id YOUR_TOKEN_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | :------: | :------: | :--------: |
        | token id| --token-id| Secure State token id, this flag is required|
        
#### completion
Generate bash auto-completions script
* Usage
    * `vss completion [flags]`
    
#### event
Manage event stream
* setup
    * Usage 
        * `vss event setup --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        |aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to add event stream for, this flag is required|
        |ignore-missing-trails|--ignore-missing-trails| With this flag, CLI will skip regions of which CloudTrail in not enables and continue on other regions.|
        |aws role arn| --aws-role-arn| The arn of the role you'd like to assume|
        |aws external id|--aws-external-id |The external id of the role you'd like to assume|

* remove
    * Usage 
        * `vss event remove --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
        
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        |aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to remove event stream for, this flag is required|
        |aws role arn| --aws-role-arn| The arn of the role you'd like to assume|
        |aws external id|--aws-external-id |The external id of the role you'd like to assume|
        
#### help
Help about any command
* Usage   
    * `vss help`
#### version
Print the version number of VMware Secure State CLI
* Usage 
    * `vss version`
## Community, discussion, contribution, and support

GitHub's Issue tracker is to be used for managing bug reports, feature requests, and general items that need to be addressed or discussed.

From a non-developer standpoint, Bug Reports or Feature Requests should be opened being as descriptive as possible.

### Code of conduct

Participation in the CloudCoreo community is governed by the [Coreo Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md).

Commit message:

PLA-10884: add role assumption in profile flag

README.md, after:

# VMware Secure State CLI

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/CloudCoreo/cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/CloudCoreo/cli)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/CloudCoreo/cli)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/CloudCoreo/cli)

CLI is a tool for managing Vmware Secure State resources. 

Use CLI to...

- Add/remove teams, cloud accounts and API tokens
- Get violation results
- Event stream setup and removal

## Install

**DISCLAIMER: These are PRE-RELEASE binaries -- use at your own peril for now**

### OSX

Download `vss` from [https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_darwin_amd64](https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_darwin_amd64)

```sh
 mkdir vss && cd vss
 wget -q -O vss https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_darwin_amd64
 chmod +x vss
 export PATH=$PATH:${PWD}   # Add current dir where vss has been downloaded to
 vss
```

### Linux

Download `vss` from [https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_linux_amd64](https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_linux_amd64)

```sh
 mkdir vss && cd vss
 wget -q -O vss https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_linux_amd64
 chmod +x vss
 export PATH=$PATH:${PWD}   # Add current dir where vss has been downloaded to
 vss
```

### Windows

Download `vss.exe` from [https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_windows_amd64.exe](https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/releases/download/v0.0.44/vss_windows_amd64.exe)

```
C:\Users\Username\Downloads> rename vss_windows_amd64.exe vss.exe
C:\Users\Username\Downloads> vss.exe
```

### Building from source

Build instructions are as follows (see [install golang](https://docs.minio.io/docs/how-to-install-golang) for setting up a working golang environment):

```sh
 mkdir -p $GOPATH/src/github.com/CloudCoreo
 cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/CloudCoreo
 git clone https://github.com/CloudCoreo/cli.git
 go get -d github.com/CloudCoreo/cli
 cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/CloudCoreo/cli/cmd
 go build -o $GOPATH/bin/vss
 vss
```
## Getting started
Get your access keys on [VMware CSP User Portal](https://console.cloud.vmware.com/csp/gateway/portal/#/user/tokens).

You use API tokens to authenticate yourself when you make authorized API connections. An API token authorizes access per organization.

You can generate more than one API token. A token is valid for six months, after which time you must regenerate it if you want to continue using APIs that rely on a token. If you feel the token has been compromised, you can revoke the token to prevent unauthorized access. You generate a new token to renew authorization.

Procedure
1. On the VMware Cloud Services toolbar, click your user name and select My Account > API Tokens.
2. Click New Token.
3. Click Copy to Clipboard.
4. Paste the token in a safe place so you can retrieve it to use later on.


You may need to configure your access key and default team id the first time using CLI but you can also skip this step and pass these to CLI using flags `--api-key, --team-id`. You may set up configuration using:
	`vss  configure`
	
And then type your access key information and default team id as well. You may check you current configuration settings using
	`vss configure list`

## Usage
```sh
vss <command> [--help] [--verbose] [--json] [<args>]
```

The most commonly used VSS commands are:


|Command         |Usage      | Sub-commands|
| --------   | :-------------:| :-------------:|
|cloud     | Manage your cloud accounts                    | add, delete, list, scan, show, update, test|
|configure | Configure CLI options. You may also view your current configuration using 'list' subcommand| list|
|team      | Manage your team                              | add, list, show|
|result    | Get violation results (Deprecated, please follow the link to swagger API doc 'https://api.securestate.vmware.com')  | rule, object|
|token     | Manage your api tokens                        | delete, list, show|
|completion| Generate bash autocompletions script|
|event     | Manage event stream                           | setup|
|help      | Help about any command|
|version   | Print the version number of VMware Secure State CLI|
-------------      
 
## Configurable variables
|Variable | Option | Environment Variable | Description |
| ------ | ------ | :--------:| :-------- |
|api-key | --api-key| |VSS API Token, will read api-key in configure file by default| 
|endpoint| --endpoint |$VSS_API_ENDPOINT| VSS API endpoint, default https://app.securestate.vmware.com/api |
|help    | --help, -h| | Get user manual for command
|home    | --home | $VSS_HOME | Location of your VSS config. Overrides $VSS_HOME.
|json    |--json | | Output in json format
|profile | --profile | $VSS_PROFILE | VSS profile to use. Overrides $VSS_PROFILE, default "default" |
|team-id | --team-id | | VMware Secure State team id, will read team-id in configure file by default|
|verbose | --verbose | | Enable verbose output

The values passing by flags will override environment variables.  
Flags for specific commands are listed in Docs section.

## Example
You may use CLI to do scriptable onboarding with two commands:
```sh
 vss cloud add --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --role NAME_FOR_NEW_ROLE [--aws-profile PROFILE_NAME] [–aws-profile-path PROFILE_PATH] [--policy-arn YOUR_POLICY_ARN] [--team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID] 
 vss event setup --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [--aws-profile PROFILE_NAME] [--aws-profile-path PROFILE_PATH] [--team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID]  
```
If the team-id flag is omitted, CLI will use the default team id in configuration. If default team id is not set, an error will be returned.
## Docs

Get started with [VSS commands](docs/vss/vss.md), setup for [VSS bash completion](docs/bash-completion.md)

#### cloud
Manage Cloud Accounts
* add
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud add --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --role NAME_FOR_NEW_ROLE [flags]`  
        * `vss cloud add --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --arn YOUR_ROLE_ARN --external-id EXTERNAL_ID_OF_YOUR_ROLE [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | arn | --arn |  The arn of the role to connect |
        | name | --name| The name of the new cloud account you want to add, this flag is required |
        | role | --role | The name of the role you want to create
        | policy arn| --policy-arn | The arn of the policy you'd like to attach for role creation, SecurityAudit policy arn by default|
        | external id| --external-id | The external id used to assume provided role|
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        | aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
        | draft| --draft| Will add a draft account with this flag|
        | Environment| --env| Environment label for the cloud account to add, must be one of these: Production, Staging, Development, Test"|
        | email|--email|The email address of account owner|
        | username|--username| The username of account owner|
        | provider|--provider| Cloud provider type, either AWS or Azure, AWS by default|
        | application id |--application-id| Application ID is required for adding Azure cloud accounts|
        | key |--key-value| Key is required for adding Azure cloud accounts
        | subscription id |--subscription-id| Subscription ID is required for adding Azure cloud accounts |
        | directory id |--directory-id| Directory ID is required for adding Azure Cloud Accounts |
        | cloud account tags| --tags| Cloud account tags|
        
    * You need to either use your own role or let CLI create one for you. 
        * To use your own role, you need to pass the role arn and external id to CLI. 
        * To make CLI create one for you, you need to pass the role name to CLI
    * Examples:
        * `vss cloud add --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --provider AWS --role NAME_FOR_NEW_ROLE --aws-profile AWS_PROFILE --tags "key1:value1|key2:value2"`
        * `vss cloud add --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --name YOUR_NEW_ACCOUNT_NAME --provider Azure --application-id AZURE_APPLICATION_ID --key-value KEY_VALUE --subscription-id SUBSCRIPTION_ID --directory-id DIRECTORY_ID`
        
* delete
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud delete --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags  
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to delete, this flag is required|
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        | aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
* list
    * Usage
        *  `vss cloud list [flags]`
* scan
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud scan [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        |aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
* show
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud show --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to show information for, this flag is required|
* update
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud update --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags 
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | arn | --arn |  The arn of the role to connect |
        | name | --name| The name of the new cloud account you want to add, this flag is required |
        | role | --role | The name of the role you want to create
        | policy arn| --policy-arn | The arn of the policy you'd like to attach for role creation, SecurityAudit policy arn by default|
        | external id| --external-id | The external id used to assume provided role|
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        |aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
        |draft| --draft| Will update the account with draft status|
        |Environment| --env| Environment label for the cloud account to add, must be one of these: Production, Staging, Development, Test"|
        |email|--email|The email address of account owner|
        |username|--username| The username of account owner|
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to update information for, this flag is required|
        | cloud account tags| --tags| Cloud account tags|
    * For role update, you may either provide your own role or let CLI create one
    * You may need to use --draft flag if you still want to keep it as draft status, otherwise VSS CLI will switch it to non-draft status
        
* test
    * Usage
        * `vss cloud test --cloud-id`
        * Flags
        
            |Variable | Option | Description |
            | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
            | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to test role validation for, this flag is required|
            
#### configure
Configure CLI options
* Usage
    * `vss configure [flags]` &nbsp; :configure CLI options
    * `vss configure list` &nbsp; : list current configuration
* Examples
    * `vss configure`
    * `vss configure --api-key VSS_API_TOKEN --team-id VSS_TEAM_ID`
    * `vss configure list`
    
#### team
Manage Teams
* add
    * Usage
        * `vss team add -n YOUR_NEW_TEAM_NAME -d YOUR_TEAM_DESCRIPTION [flags]`
    * Flags
        
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        |name| -n, --name | Provide team name |
        |description| -d, --description | Provide team description|
    * Flag name and description are required for team add command
* list  
    Get all the teams under user's account
    * Usage
        * `vss team list [flags]`
* show  
    Show info of one team
    * Usage 
        * `vss team show [flags]`        

#### result
Show violation results (Deprecated, please follow the link to swagger API doc 'https://api.securestate.vmware.com'
* object
    * Usage
        * `vss result object [flags]`
    * Flags
        
         |Variable | Option | Description |
         | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
         | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to show violation for, this flag is optional|
         | severity | --severity | The severity level you'd like to show in violation results |
         | retry | --retry | Retry times when getting violation fails |
    * By default you will get all violation objects under your team, three flag filters are provided: team-id, cloud-id and severity. If team-id is not specified, the team in your profile will be automatically used.
    * Examples
         * `vss result object --severity "High|Medium"`    
         * `vss result object --severity "High|Low"`  
         * `vss result object --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID --severity "Low"`
* rule
    * Usage
        * `vss result rule [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | cloud account| --cloud-account-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to show violation for, this flag is optional|
        | severity | --severity | The severity level you'd like to show in violation results |
    * By default you will get all violation rules under your team, three flag filters are provided: team-id, cloud-id and severity. If team-id is not specified, the team in your profile will be automatically used.
    * Examples
        * `vss result rule --severity "High|Medium"`
        * `vss result rule --severity "High|Low"`
        * `vss result rule --cloud-account-id YOUR_SECURITY_STATE_CLOUD_ACCOUNT_ID --severity "Low"`
        
#### token
Manage API Tokens
* delete
    * Usage
        * `vss token delete --token-id YOUR_TOKEN_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | :------: | :------: | :--------: |
        | token id| --token-id| Secure State token id, this flag is required|
                
* list
    * Usage 
        * `vss token list [flags]`
        
* show
    * Usage
        * `vss token show --token-id YOUR_TOKEN_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | :------: | :------: | :--------: |
        | token id| --token-id| Secure State token id, this flag is required|
        
#### completion
Generate bash auto-completions script
* Usage
    * `vss completion [flags]`
    
#### event
Manage event stream
* setup
    * Usage 
        * `vss event setup --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
    
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        |aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to add event stream for, this flag is required|
        |ignore-missing-trails|--ignore-missing-trails| With this flag, CLI will skip regions of which CloudTrail in not enables and continue on other regions.|

* remove
    * Usage 
        * `vss event remove --team-id YOUR_TEAM_ID --cloud-id YOUR_CLOUD_ID [flags]`
    * Flags
        
        |Variable | Option | Description |
        | ------ | ------ | :-------- |
        | aws profile | --aws-profile |  Aws shared credential file. If empty default provider chain will be used to look for credentials with the following order. <br> <br> 1. Environment variables.<br>2. Shared credentials file. <br>3. If your application is running on an Amazon EC2 instance, IAM role for Amazon EC2.
        |aws profile path| --aws-profile-path| The file path of aws profile. If empty will look for AWS_SHARED_CREDENTIALS_FILE env variable. If the env value is empty will default to current user's home directory. <br> <br> Linux/OSX: &nbsp; "$HOME/.aws/credentials"<br> Windows: &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; "%USERPROFILE%\.aws\credentials"
        | cloud id| --cloud-id| VMware Secure State cloud id of which account you'd like to remove event stream for, this flag is required|
        
#### help
Help about any command
* Usage   
    * `vss help`
#### version
Print the version number of VMware Secure State CLI
* Usage 
    * `vss version`
## Community, discussion, contribution, and support

GitHub's Issue tracker is to be used for managing bug reports, feature requests, and general items that need to be addressed or discussed.

From a non-developer standpoint, Bug Reports or Feature Requests should be opened being as descriptive as possible.

### Code of conduct

Participation in the CloudCoreo community is governed by the [Coreo Code of Conduct](code-of-conduct.md).
