docs/coreo/coreo_result_rule.md, before:

## coreo result rule

Show violating rules

### Synopsis

Show violating rules

```
coreo result rule [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  coreo result rule --severity "High|Medium"
  coreo result rule --severity "High|Low"
  coreo result rule --cloud-id YOUR_SECURITY_STATE_CLOUD_ACCOUNT_ID --severity "Low"
```

### Options

```
      --cloud-id string   Coreo cloud id (default "None")
  -h, --help              help for rule
      --severity string   The severity level you'd like to show in violation results (default "None")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --api-key string      Coreo API Key (default "None")
      --api-secret string   Coreo API Secret (default "None")
      --endpoint string     Coreo API endpoint. Overrides $CC_API_ENDPOINT. (default "https://app.cloudcoreo.com/api")
      --home string         Location of your Coreo config. Overrides $COREO_HOME. (default "/Users/Jiangz/.cloudcoreo")
      --json                Output in json format
      --profile string      Coreo profile to use. Overrides $COREO_PROFILE. (default "default")
      --team-id string      Coreo team id (default "None")
      --verbose             Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [coreo result](coreo_result.md)	 - Show the violation results

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 15-Nov-2018

Commit message:

fixed broken link in readme and added deprecated note for `vss results` command

docs/coreo/coreo_result_rule.md, after:

## coreo result rule (Deprecated, please follow the link to swagger API doc 'https://api.securestate.vmware.com')

Show violating rules

### Synopsis

Show violating rules

```
coreo result rule [flags]
```

### Examples

```
  coreo result rule --severity "High|Medium"
  coreo result rule --severity "High|Low"
  coreo result rule --cloud-id YOUR_SECURITY_STATE_CLOUD_ACCOUNT_ID --severity "Low"
```

### Options

```
      --cloud-id string   Coreo cloud id (default "None")
  -h, --help              help for rule
      --severity string   The severity level you'd like to show in violation results (default "None")
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --api-key string      Coreo API Key (default "None")
      --api-secret string   Coreo API Secret (default "None")
      --endpoint string     Coreo API endpoint. Overrides $CC_API_ENDPOINT. (default "https://app.cloudcoreo.com/api")
      --home string         Location of your Coreo config. Overrides $COREO_HOME. (default "/Users/Jiangz/.cloudcoreo")
      --json                Output in json format
      --profile string      Coreo profile to use. Overrides $COREO_PROFILE. (default "default")
      --team-id string      Coreo team id (default "None")
      --verbose             Enable verbose output
```

### SEE ALSO

* [coreo result](coreo_result.md)	 - Show the violation results

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 15-Nov-2018
